INPUT:

Example: Dog Bite in Neighborhood
Python
{
    "client_name": "Sandra Martinez",
    "date_of_incident": "2025-03-10",
    "location": "Corner of 5th Ave and Pine St, Rivertown",
    "incident_description": (
        "A neighbor's dog escaped from their yard and bit my left hand while I was jogging. "
        "I received medical treatment and reported the incident to animal control."
    ),
    "police_report": True,
    "witnesses": ["Neighbor: Alex Kim", "Passerby: George Owens"]
}




OUTPUT OF AGENT:

Fault Analysis
Raw Fault Analysis Output (JSON)

Plan
Analyze the incident description and identify relevant factors to determine fault
Chain of Thought
Step 1: Identify the parties involved: Taylor Shine (victim), the dog's owner (neither named nor described), and witnesses (Alex Kim and George Owen).

Step 2: Determine the location of the incident: Corner of 5th Ave and Pine St, Rivertown.

Step 3: Establish the incident description: The dog escaped from its yard and bit Taylor Shine while they were jogging.

Step 4: Note the absence of a police report.

Step 5: Recognize that Taylor Shine received medical treatment for their hand injury.

Step 6: Identify potential fault with the dog's owner: Failure to contain the dog, failure to prevent the attack, and potential negligence in the dog's care and supervision.

Conclusion
Based on the provided information, the dog's owner may be at fault for the incident due to failure to contain the dog, and potential negligence in its care and supervision.

Missing Fields
Dog's owner's name, Dog's breed and size, Details of the medical treatment, Testimonies from Alex Kim and George Owen

Document
{ "type": "Incident Summary", "date": "2025-05-13", "location": "Corner of 5th Ave and Pine St, Rivertown", "incident_description": "A neighbor's dog escaped from their yard and bit my left hand while I was jogging. I received medical treatment and reported the incident to animal control.", "witnesses": [ "Alex Kim", "George Owen" ] }

This letter was generated by an AI assistant for draft and review purposes only. It is not legal advice. Please consult a qualified attorney before acting on its contents.

Explanation
This summary provides an objective outline of the incident and identifies potential fault with the dog's owner. The missing fields are essential for further investigation and potentially building a case.

Legal Summary Document
Draft Letter (For Attorney Review)
{ "type": "Incident Summary", "date": "2025-05-13", "location": "Corner of 5th Ave and Pine St, Rivertown", "incident_description": "A neighbor's dog escaped from their yard and bit my left hand while I was jogging. I received medical treatment and reported the incident to animal control.", "witnesses": [ "Alex Kim", "George Owen" ] }

This letter was generated by an AI assistant for draft and review purposes only. It is not legal advice. Please consult a qualified attorney before acting on its contents.

This letter was generated by an AI assistant for draft and review purposes only. It is not legal advice. Please consult a qualified attorney before acting on its contents.

This is an AI-generated draft. Please review before sending to the client.


